Skip to Main Content
University of Arizona
Home
Programs
Courses
Key to Course Descriptions
Policies
Academic Calendar
Academic Calendar
Syllabus Policies
Registration & Enrollment Policies
Fees & Financial Policies
Student Program Policies
Degree & Program Policies
Grading Policies
Credit Policies
Courses Policies
Student Rights & Records Policies
Admission & Engagement Policies
General Education Policies
Accelerated Master's Programs
About the Catalog
Academic Programs
Undergraduate Programs
Graduate Programs
Graduate Certificates
Academic Support
Academic Support
Academic Support
Academic Support
Accreditation
Policies
Academic Calendar
Academic Calendar
Involvement, Engagement & Leadership
 Search . . .
Home
Programs
Courses
Policies
Resources
Home
Courses
Skip to Courses List
Courses
Search Courses
Subject code
Career
Course Attributes
Results (17848)
 Export all results as CSV
Sort By
Code
Department
Career

17848 results found. Showing 1 - 20.

AAE340
AAE340 - Food Entrepreneurship & Social Innovation

From food trucks to food banks...

ABBS696C
ABBS696C - Arizona Biological and Biomedical Sciences Student Forum

The development and exchange of scholarly information. The scope of work shall consist of research by course registrants, with the exchange of the ...

ABBS792
ABBS792 - Directed Rotation Research

This course is designed to aid ABBS first year PhD students in their search and selection of a research area and research advisor.

ABS572
ABS572 - Neurodevelopment in Action: How the brain is built, ages, and responds to disease

Neurodevelopment provides a context in which to understand not only the genesis of the nervous system, but also biological functions and the emerge...

ABS593A
ABS593A - Internship in Applied Biosciences

Specialized work or service on an individual basis, consisting of training and practice in actual service in a technical, business, academic or gov...

ABS599
ABS599 - Independent Study

Qualified students working on an individual basis with professors who have agreed to supervise such work. Graduate students doing independent work ...

ABS909
ABS909 - Master's Report

Independent study or special project or formal report thereof submitted in lieu of thesis for certain master's degrees.

ACBS102L
ACBS102L - Introduction to Animal Science Laboratory

This course will expose students to various production practices and procedures in the animal industry.

ACBS102R
ACBS102R - Introduction to Animal Science

This course is a comprehensive review of the livestock industries and production procedures. The course is team taught with one lead instructor and...

ACBS142
ACBS142 - Introduction to Animal Racing Industry

Overview of the history, terminology, personnel, equipment and breeds of animals utilized in the racing industry.

ACBS193
ACBS193 - Internship

Specialized work on an individual basis, consisting of training and practice in actual service in a technical, business, or governmental establishm...

ACBS195
ACBS195 - Living Dangerously

Many toxic compounds exist in nature. These toxins are produced by living organisms, yet the toxins are often not harmful to the organisms themselv...

ACBS195D
ACBS195D - Colloquium: This Wormy World

This Wormy World is a course designed to introduce students to various types of parasites and other infectious agents that affect humans and animal...

ACBS195F
ACBS195F - Careers in Veterinary Science

This course is a colloquium to introduce students to the various careers and animal industries associated with the fields of veterinary/animal scie...

ACBS199
ACBS199 - Independent Study

Qualified students working on an individual basis with professors who have agreed to supervise such work.

ACBS199H
ACBS199H - Independent Study

Qualified students working on an individual basis with professors who have agreed to supervise such work.

ACBS202
ACBS202 - Introduction to Livestock Production

Students will become familiar with the production and management of beef cattle, swine, sheep and goats. Topics discussed will include handling and...

ACBS210
ACBS210 - Introduction to Live Animal and Carcass Evaluation

A practical, hands-on look at live animal evaluation of market and breeding beef, swine, sheep, and goats as related to contemporary industry issue...

ACBS215
ACBS215 - Physiology and Anatomy of Domestic Animals

Systemic physiology and functional anatomy of domestic animals with emphasis on physiological systems of importance to animal production.

ACBS220
ACBS220 - Introduction to Dairy Science

Students will become familiar with biology of the dairy cow, various physiological processes that affect milk production, technology utilized in mo...

1
2
...
893